---
layout: post
title: Rejoining Life In Progress 
---

_One day I was digging through an attic and I found this story, now I keep it posted online to try and find the owner._

<!--more-->

## Rejoining Life In Progress 

  There a single second moments in life that define the path the rest of your life will go on- wouldn't you agree? Single shot oppertunities that only happen in a flash but languish within the hallways of your mind forever. Moments like your first bicycle- a 10 Speed Huffy with handle breaks, then the first time you fall off of that bicycle. If I had not been given the grace of a Tyrannosaurus Rex this would not be a problem- but some are born with grace and others with looks. I will be obliged take the latter. While I understand that I am not stunning Chuck Norris caliber, I managed quite 'the catch'- my wife Velma. Yes- her real name is Velma.

  Velma and I have a two year old and a six year old, Natalie and Christopher. Vel protested like she was burning her bra to the idea of our daughter not carrying the family name. "Vel- come on, you know what you went through in school, it's the 21st century, parents no longer name their children after 16th cenutry diseases!" Velma's mothers name was Velma and her grandmother's name was Velma and her great grandmothers name was Velma.. well you get the idea. While Vel was still passed out from the epidural I scrawled out Natalie on the birth certificate - I figured none of her family ever liked me anyway so it was no big loss when they quit speaking to me. As a matter of fact I saw the silent treatment as a good side effect of giving my daugther the ability to show up to kindergarten without the tourment of V-E-L-M-A printed in big blue letters on her lunch box. 

  It is moments like this that remind me how good of a father I am. I don't mean to pat myself on the back, but with all the talk about deadbeat dads I would just like everyone to know that there are good ones out there. Were not perfect by any means- but we are out here and I have instilled three components in my children that are my divine guidance for their lives. My mantra of good fatherly advice if you will. Number one, always brush your teeth four times a day- dentist are horrible people who are just 'pissed off wanna be doctor's' with drills! Brush em' four times a day and there will be no need to ever see one. Number two, if you ever hit an animal, of any kind, keep going. Now I know that this does not sound like the most compassionate of fatherly advice but you have never had your left knee gorged by what you thought was a dead buck. Number three, never, I mean never, have children. Funny that I get their innocent gazing 'what planet are you from' looks on the third one. 

  I guess I should figure- they're both too young to understand the importance of statement number three. Now I love, I mean I love, Natalie and Christopher and that should not be questioned for even a second- but there is an insight that I gaied upon having my minced genes running around the cosmo's. See- there were a lot of thing that I wanted to do in life: Bass fish for about nine years. Have a ron'day'vu' with Miss April 1981. Hange out until dawn with my good buddies Jack Daniels and Jim Beam - no one can party like thos two. I mean really though - there were all kinds of things that I wanted to do in life- I wanted to go to down to the junior college- start my own schop- not live from paycheck to paycheck- but by having my kids fulfilling my dreams was no longer a possible option- not sure I really wanted to risk trying to reach em' anyway so they automatically became the torch carriers. 

  Am I making sense? All right, here we go, let me try and spell this one out for ya- I always wanted to be a big football player in high school, see, but that whole grace thing didn't quite help in that area. Well the other day I had Christopher out in the yard trying to explain what a touch down was. "No, Chris, touch down- not tow don." He just kept drooling and tugging at his diaper - he's only two for Christsake- I know, Vel tells me I should probably wait until hes head is bigger than the football- but I want him to throw like Akeman and run like Namith... He was annoyingly cute tottering in his Huggies .. but you know .. all I could think about was how he had to start learning now so he could be the Homecoming King I never was. 

  See Kids are an extension of the you that you never became. They are the easy way out - they allow you to never try and live your dreams because you have them there to live through. Then you don't have to risk the failure that comes along with trying. In a single moment they can do everything for you that you never had the courage to do yourself. ---You- you---well dammit -- you give up when you have children! You give up! I could never understand why my father put so much pressure on me and now I see exactly why- I was suppose to do everything he never did!       He was a great father, I was just a let down of a son. Here I am in the same backwoods small town as him, married to a woman I am pretty sure get knocked up while we were drunk and it suddenly turned into love, living in a double wide trailer with bills mounting up higher then I can see over and my legacies are the only shot I have now at making something out of my life... but the thing is its their life.... Damn.

  Vel says that 'everything happens for a reason' -- her glass is always half full. She'll ah... she'll sing this song in the morning when she gets the kids up for daycare. "Sundrops falling on the window, cheer is fresh in the air..." I don't know it goes something like that - its funny though in that moment between awake and asleep, you know when you can't tell what is reality and what is dream, I hear her voice filter in past all of the stagnant parts of my soul and I begin to wake up not feel like scum. I don't mind life so bad. It's kind of surreal. I am a good father, and I do love my children - really, they are my reason for being - It is not them, it is me that I can't bury the hatchet with. Funny about those single shot opportunities, happen in a flash, languish in the hallways of your mind forver - I have been given the undeserving gift of a second shot and in that moment I got to see how pathetic of a man I am..... He will be the Homecoming King -someday-- after all he did get my good looks.
